a rare admission of wrongdoing by the
Israeli military commanders say an air
strike on a convoy carrying humanitarian
workers was a serious mistake and
violation of operating procedures an
internal Israeli Army investigation
found the attack that killed seven Aid
Personnel from the world Central Kitchen
or wck was ordered despite a low level
of confidence about the intended target
the investigation's findings indicate
that the incident should not have
occurred those who approved the strike
were convinced that they were targeting
armed Hamas operatives and not wck
employees the strike on the aid Vehicles
is a grave mistake stemming from a
serious failure due to a mistaken
identification errors in decision-making
and an attack contrary to the standard
operating
procedures the Army says two senior
officers will be fired and several other
senior commanders formally censured the
United States says civilians in Gaza
must be protected as Israel pursues any
military operations against Hamas it has
to prioritize the protection of
civilians it has to make that job number
one too many people have been caught in
this Crossfire of hamas's making
children women men losing their lives uh
their safety has to be a priority and
military operations need to be designed
around their protection but World
Central Kitchen says the Israeli Army
cannot credibly investigate its own
failures and it deployed deadly force
without regard to its own protocol chain
of command and Rules of Engagement their
apologies for the outrageous killing of
our colleagues represent cold comfort
Israel needs to take concrete steps to
assure the safety of humanitarian Aid
workers our operations remain suspended
after nearly 6 months of War Israeli
forces have killed more than 33,000
people in the besieged Gaza Strip the
Army has still not admitted to any
unlawful killings ham salut Al jaaz
occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer